Previously on Heartland...
Ahmed, Gypsy is incredible!
We need to train him as a puissance horse.
He loves to jump, just
not the whole course.
Just a single high jump.
I think what you guys really need is...
somebody with a real eye.
Thanks for the interest
in partnering with us, Tim,
but I'm gonna have to go
with my gut on this one.
I would've been a lot better
partner than a competitor.
You guys are married?
Yeah, we are.
How could you not tell us?!
Ahmed, he wants me to keep Gypsy...
As a gift.
Oh my God.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm sorry, boy. I can't do it.
Okay... I know, I know, that sucked.
But it's not his fault,
I just haven't been
able to psych myself up.
Where'd that big red wall come from?
Hillhurst. One of the perks
of working for a prince.
You gonna give me a hand? I
may need some moral support.
Sorry, I got lots of homework and stuff.
So, grandpa, will Lisa
be joining us for dinner?
Nope.
I think she'll be staying home tonight.
Oh? And which home would that be?
Come on, Lou, you know perfectly well.
No, I don't.
Where exactly is home for you guys?
Well, here and there.
I think you've hit on the
secret to a happy marriage:
Don't live together, don't change anything,
and most importantly, don't tell anyone.
Oh, Lou.
Hi, Georgie! How was school?
There's fresh muffins.
I'm not hungry.
Wonder what's bugging her?
What's bugging her? Honestly?
What do you think is bugging her, grandpa?
You and Lisa go off and
get married in secret,
like we don't even matter to you.
Lou, you are making way
too much out of this.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Peter called... your husband.
He said he was at work,
he'd call you again when he got home.
You know, his home... in, uh,
Vancouver.
- Let's see what we got.
- All right.
Whoa! Whoa!
Ungh!
- Hey! You all right?
- Yeah.
Wow.
Looks like you guys got yourself
a real good bucking horse there.
Too bad you thought you
were getting a roper.
What're you doing here, Tim?
Me? Oh, I just picked up a
couple of retired racehorses
at rock-bottom prices.
What, you getting back
into the racing business?
No, no. I'm gonna retrain
'em and sell them as jumpers.
What about you guys? What're
doing other than eating dirt?
Well, so far no sales.
Yeah, we've had some
real sweet offers though.
- Really?
- Yeah.
And we're kind of busy right now though.
Okay. Well, I'd help you,
but I know you don't want my help.
Which is too bad, 'cause...
if you did partner up with me,
you wouldn't have six
horses and no buyers, but...
Georgie?
Brought you a muffin.
Honey, are you okay?
Yeah, I've just got a lot of homework.
Okay.  The solar system!
Hey, do you need any help? Because
when I was in sixth grade,
I made a working model, all nine planets.
Actually, there are only eight.
Pluto was downgraded from
a planet to a dwarf planet.
Really?
But a dwarf planet's still just
like a... little planet, right?
Yeah, so is VP 113 and Sedan.
Astronomers believe that...
there are hundreds,
maybe even thousands more.
Okay.
Well, if you have any other questions or...
Nope. Actually, I got it.
Okay. Okay.
Damn!
- Synced by MartyTheCrazy & chamallow -
- Corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Well, if it isn't Hudson
county's most eligible bachelor!
Well I'll be!
How long's it been, Val?
Three, four years? I don't know.
Jack!
It's so good to see you.
So how're you doing?
Well... you know, what can
I say? Florida's wonderful...
the sunshine, the
people, the real estate...
but...
I had to come back.
I feel pretty much the same
way every time I'm away.
Which is what? Once a century?
Oh, dunno. Might try
for twice this century.
So what brings you home?
I just decided I can't
deal with the business
at Briar Ridge anymore...
So I'm here to oversee the transition.
Transition?
Oh, you selling or hiring somebody?
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
I want to keep it in the family.
Amy.
What, you're not gonna say hello?
Jesse... Jesse Stanton?!
Wow, you got it in one.
- What?
- So, how you been?
You just got back from Europe, right?
Uh...
Yeah, my mom and Ashley
keep me pretty up to date.
Of course.
Matter of fact, I heard
you're getting married
to that guy I punched out in grade ten?
Yes, Ty.
Um, but the way I remember it,
he kinda punched you out.
Okay, yeah. Yeah.
Well, good choice! I mean, a guy like that,
you can be pretty sure he's got your back.
Yeah. So, how have you been?
Great. I just got my commerce degree,
which I plan on putting to
good use over at Briar Ridge.
So if you're looking for a job,
you can always come work for me?
Yeah, see, I don't think you can afford me.
My last boss was an
actual prince, you know.
So I heard.
But think about it, all right?
I mean, with your talent
and my financial background,
we could really make this happen.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
- Good to see you.
- You too.
- Take care, okay?
- Okay.
You're not even gonna look at it?
Don't have to. I already know what it says.
You gonna give me a hint?
Okay. It's from the AG society.
Turns out we're a wee bit behind
on the boarding for the horses.
How far behind?
About all the way.
What're you talking about?
I just gave you five grand!
Okay, if we don't get these
horses trained and sold fast,
then the food bill, the vet bill
and the stable fees are gonna kill us.
So right now, we just need
to conserve our resources
- and stay the course.
- Are you nuts?
If we don't pay our bills,
we're gonna go into more debt.
Okay. Then what would you suggest?
We sell them now, before we're in so deep
- We can't get out.
- Whoa, whoa.
We're already taking
enough crap from Tim, yeah?
Think what it'll be like
if we can't make this work.
I'm planning on marrying into this family,
so taking crap from Tim
comes with the territory.
So how did it go today
with Caleb and the horses?
Uh, we had some challenges.
We spent most of the afternoon
dealing with this one horse
that was always throwing Caleb
off whenever he roped a steer.
Oh, hold on a second.
You might be going about this backwards
because roping a steer
should be the very last step.
I know, but the thing is,
we don't really have the time or
the money to train them properly,
so I've been trying to
convince Caleb to sell them now.
No, Ty, you cannot sell them,
not before you've trained them.
You'll lose money,
and dad'll never stop
saying "I told you so."
I don't really think we have
any other option, Amy. So...
Well, sure you do. I've got plenty of time
and I happen to know a
thing or two about horses.
- Grandpa!
- Hi!
Hey, everybody.
Hope you don't mind me
dropping by uninvited?
Like always. Of course not, dad.
Where's Jack?
Dining at his new bride's house.
And what about Peter?
He ever coming back from Vancouver?
Yes. But it's not just Vancouver,
it's Fort Mac, Houston...
Wow, the grand tour.
Well, it's not a pleasure cruise.
It's business. He does what he has to do.
Yeah, well, don't we all.
Speaking of which, Amy,
I bought a couple of racehorses
at bargain basement prices.
I'd love you to turn
them into jumpers for me.
Yeah, for sure.
Uh, I've got a few other
things going on right now,
but maybe in a few days?
Okay, yeah, no rush.
And how's the prince?
Uh, well, I'm still on contract with him,
um, but I'm m... mostly
doing my own stuff right now.
The relationship.
It's good, dad. The relationship is great.
There you go. That's important.
Um, may I be excused?
Have you noticed anything
different about Georgie lately?
Yeah. Yeah, she does seem...
- Kinda stressed.
- Yeah.
Maybe there's something going on at school?
Nope. I think there's
something going on at home.
Look, she has been tossed around
between different foster homes and families
for most of her life
and I think she was finally starting to get
that this is the real deal, you know?
That we are the family she never had.
But now, I think she feels
like it's all falling apart.
Because Peter's always in Vancouver?
What?! No.
Because grandpa and Lisa just snuck off
and got married like they did.
You know, Lou,
it sounds a little more like
your problem than Georgie's.
Okay, you know what?
A wedding is not just
about two people, Amy.
It is about sharing a milestone
event with friends and family.
And... and grandpa and Lisa just...
Didn't even think about us.
And I don't know if we're
ever gonna get over that.
So what do you think?
I think that whoever broke these
horses did a lousy job of it.
They're not balanced, they
don't respond to your leg.
That one fights the bit and this
one's gonna need a lot more time.
'Kay, well, what should we do?
- We have to go back to basics...
- Back?
No, there's no back. We have to go forward.
In fact, we have to go full speed forward.
Caleb, that's not how this works.
Well, I'm on a really
tight schedule here, Amy.
You tell that to them.
You think they're gonna
care about your schedule?
Look, I just need you
to get them on their feet
and out of here as fast as possible.
Caleb, I only know one
way to do this, okay?
So if that doesn't work for
you then find someone else.
Okay, um...
I'm... I'm sorry. Just...
Do what you need to do.
It'll work for me, too.
Totally.
Hey, um,
Georgie, I'm gonna head
into town this afternoon,
if you wanna come with.
Georgie, are you okay?
You know, ever since grandpa
announced his secret wedding,
you've seemed sort of, I don't know...
Out of sorts?
I'm not out of sorts, whatever that means.
Well, don't worry, because
you're not the only one.
And I wish I knew how to fix this, but I...
- I don't.
- Well...
We could...
Give them a wedding present.
We didn't give them one
when they got married.
Well, that's because they didn't
tell us they were getting married.
Well then, why don't we have a wedding?
That would be very nice, but
they already had a wedding.
No, I meant like when we have speeches,
and then have a dance.
You mean a reception?
Yeah. They didn't have one of those,
and we could give them the gift.
You know, that is not such a bad idea.
But I thought you were mad at Jack?
Oh, no, no, I am.
But, you know, a nice party,
something we could all share...
Georgie, I am... I am gonna
need your help with this.
How about you are in charge of...
Picking a nice wedding
present for grandpa and Lisa?
- Okay, sure.
- Great.
Okay, I'll admit it, I
have been a total bit...
a little bit stressed lately.
And I don't blame you guys.
It's just...
I feel like I did when I
found out that Mary Jane Sutka
had this amazing twelfth birthday party
and didn't invite me.
Well, this is different.
There was no wedding party.
Well, except your dad.
That is no consolation, Lisa.
But I'm not the only
one who feels left out.
It's Amy, Ty, and Peter and Georgie.
Especially Georgie.
So we have to do something about that.
Well, we're not getting married again, Lou.
No, but we are prepared
to do whatever it takes.
Well, I was talking to Georgie
and she had mentioned how
nice it would be for everyone
if we could... share in your happiness.
So it got me thinking...
That maybe we should
have a little... party.
What type of party?
Oh, you know, a few friends, beef on a bun,
maybe a little music.
Yeah, I like that idea. That
sounds really good to me.
Well, it sounds like a wedding reception
and we decided we didn't
want a wedding reception.
Well, that was before we got married!
And now we're married,
and it's out in the open,
and we can do whatever we want.
All right.
Okay.
Just make sure that you keep it small...
- Yes.
- And not too fancy.
No. Not... not big, not fancy...
- Right.
- A party.
And... and you know what?
It won't be at all like
a wedding reception.
Half an hour, Amy.
You've been spinning that
rope for half an hour.
Yeah, and he's still jumpy.
You wanna give it a try?
No, I don't. I wanna do some actual work.
And what is that supposed to mean?
Put him in the box, chase a steer,
see if you could actually rope something.
Okay. All right, why
don't you give that a try?
Because I've had just about enough of you
telling me how to do my job.
You let me know how it works out.
Hi, Lou!
- Planning a party?
- Val!
Wow!
I haven't seen you in years.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Always loved a Heartland party.
Party? It's no... no, it's nothing.
It's just... it's a little get together.
Well, that is too bad.
I want to meet your new baby.
Actually, she's almost four years old.
Of course she is. Oh my goodness.
And I understand that you've
taken a little orphan girl
- under your wing?
- Georgie.
Aw...
And Jack?
Gotta spend some time with Jack.
We've got a lot to catch up on.
I... I bet you do.
But, um, look at the
time. I really have to run.
- Nice to see you.
- Yeah!
And, uh,
we'll keep in touch.
Okay.
I just couldn't bring myself to tell her
why we were having the party.
I mean, that woman has been
carrying a torch for you
ever since grandma died,
so I don't think it should be my job
to tell her the bad news.
Well, just tell me that
you didn't invite her.
Of course I didn't invite her!
I got out of there as fast as I could.
But since you created this situation...
I didn't create the situation, you did.
Grandpa, even if we weren't having a party,
eventually you would have
to tell Val you married Lisa.
So I'll leave it to you.
So... how's it going?
Great. You know, I've got a
feeling that today's the day
I'm gonna make it over the wall.
Well, that is great.
Do you need a leg up?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Thanks.
You almost had it there.
We had the height,
but my timing was off by just a fraction.
So...
What happened with Caleb?
I tried, Ty. I really did.
Amy, I got a lot of money
tied up in those horses.
It's just wasn't working, okay?
Look... I wasn't making any progress,
and Caleb was driving me nuts.
Okay, well,
maybe you need to look at it
like you're looking at this wall.
You know, you try, you don't make it over,
you pick up the bricks, you put them back,
and eventually...
You're gonna make it over.
Okay. Except this is a
wall made of foam bricks.
- We're talking about Caleb.
- I know.
But he's my partner, Amy,
and I really need a commitment this.
So,
I heard your run into Lou...
- Yesterday.
- Yes I did.
And, uh, if this is about the
party, I'd love to drop by.
Well, it's not really a
party, Val. That's the thing.
It's... it's uh... more like a...
You know, little family
get together is all.
Ah...
I used to feel like I
was part of your family.
We sure have been through a lot together,
- good times and bad, huh?
- Yeah, we sure have.
But you see,
um... this is different...
Because
um...
- Lisa and I...
- W... what? Lisa Stillman?
Is she still around?
Well, yeah. Um...
And I know that you and her,
you never got on that well...
Oh, Jack, I don't care
if she's at the party.
I'm just in town for a few days
and I'd love to spend some time with you.
And this is kind of important to me...
Because I uh... I'm not
in remission anymore.
I've got my cancer back.
Jeez, Val,
I'm sorry. I, I...
Boy, what do you say? I
never know what to say.
I know. It's déjà vu, huh?
Wow.
Anything I can do.
I mean anything at all,
Val, you know I'll be there.
Look, Lou, I found the "Hooves for Hope."
You can adopt a horse in
trouble for Jack and Lisa.
Oh, honey, I'm not sure that uh...
Getting them a horse is such a good idea.
Well, you don't actually get the horse.
You just get a cute little stuffed toy.
With every hundred dollar donation,
you save a horse from
going to the slaughterhouse!
Hmm. Well, it looks like a nice place.
Yeah, and they don't just want your money.
You can go and volunteer there, too.
I tried calling them,
but their line was busy.
Hmm.
Come on. Good boy.
Hey.
- All right.
- What's Amy doing here?
- Get up! Get up!
- She's just giving us a hand.
Well, how much is she charging you?
To tell you the truth,
we actually haven't had
- a chance to discuss fees yet.
- Amy!
I thought you were too
busy to work with my horses?
Well, I am. I've got a
lot of work to do here.
Yeah, I can see that, with Caleb's horses.
Guess the price was right, huh?
Like I said, we haven't had
a chance to talk about fees.
Of course you haven't.
Well, good luck, honey.
She's gonna need it with
those over-priced cow ponies.
Okay, so... even if I cross out
everyone I don't actually like,
I still come up with thirty people.
Yeah, and that's a gala for Jack.
I know, I know. So...
Oh, grandpa, how did Val take the news?
Well, she didn't.
I was just getting around to the subject
when she told me that her cancer is back.
Oh no.
Says her doctors are optimistic.
- She's got a positive attitude.
- Good.
You invited her to come, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
- Tell her about us?
- No, I didn't.
It just wasn't the right time, Lis.
We are going to need a bigger party.
Now why would we want that?
Well, if...
I mean, it would give you
a lot more people to talk to
and you won't have to explain
everything to Val all night.
Exactly.
Okay.
This changes everything.
It certainly does.
You know, it's like he holds
this huge grudge against you,
and now that includes me.
What did he say?
I don't know, just like...
Good luck, you're gonna need it, or
whatever, and then he walked away.
I guess he's taking this competition thing
a little too seriously.
Well, whatever it is, someone
needs to tell him to back off...
And I'm sort of thinking...
That you are the best person for the job.
- Oh, me?
- Yeah.
Why not you? He's your dad.
Because you're the competition,
and he's never gonna respect
you if you don't stand up to him.
What, you're saying your
dad doesn't respect me?
No, I'm not.
I'm just saying that he'll respect you more
if you do this for me.
Hmm?
So this "intimate" family
gathering is really happening, huh?
Actually, it's getting a little bigger.
But Georgie has a really interesting idea
for a wedding present.
They buy horses off the
meat truck and re-home them.
She has her heart set on
adopting a horse for them.
"Hooves for Hope." I've
never heard of it before.
Really? It's local.
Huh. You know, maybe before
we give them a cheque,
I should drive over and take a look.
You should take Georgie with you.
Hey, Georgie?
Lou tells me that you have a great idea
for a wedding present.
Yeah, I guess.
See, I've never heard of
this "Hooves for Hope" place,
so I was thinking of
taking a drive out there,
checking it out.
Do you want to come with me?
Maybe later. I've got some stuff to do.
That's too bad,
'cause, you know, they
might let us see the horses,
or maybe even pick one
for grandpa and Lisa.
You here to help me?
- Not exactly.
- Good.
Grab that.
Right here. Just...
I'm gonna cut these off.
So I heard you bumped into
Amy at the rodeo grounds.
Yeah.
She was working for Caleb. How
come nobody tells me anything?
Well, 'cause she's not working
for Caleb, she's working for me.
Well, I don't see the difference there.
The difference is Caleb's not
marrying your daughter, I am.
Yeah, so you keep saying.
Well, you can count on it, Tim,
and that means I'm
gonna be your son-in-law.
So why are you treating Amy
like she's working for the enemy?
And Caleb, you're his role hero,
national all around cowboy.
Yeah.
Four years running.
I've heard,
and so has everybody else.
Tim, I gotta tell you straight, okay?
You gotta get over it and
you gotta stop bugging us.
You really wanna be my son-in-law,
you gotta toughen up.
You think I'm hard on you?
I'm cocktails on the beach compared
to what you're gonna run into
in the horse business.
I'm not talking about the horse business.
I'm talking about Amy.
You've seriously gotta
stop making her feel bad
about working with us, Tim.
All right.
Yeah. What the hell.
But don't be...
Calling me dad.
Don't worry about that.
That's never gonna happen... pops.
Why are we stopping?
Because this is it, 66 Hawk's Head Road.
What're you talking about?
In the picture, there was a big white barn,
and there's no horses.
I know. This is what I was afraid of.
Sometimes these Internet things,
they aren't what they seem,
and it looks like Hooves
for Hope might be a scam.
You knew it was gonna be like this?
No, I didn't know for sure.
I... I was trying to help.
Well, I don't want your help ever again.
Georgie, hold on. Isn't
it better to find out now,
instead of after you've
already given them your money?
Georgie, wait! What...
I hate you! You ruin everything!
Georgie, what is going on with you?
Nothing!
- It's a long walk.
- I don't care.
Look, I'm serious. If you
don't get back in the truck now,
I'm gonna leave you here.
I wanna walk.
Okay, fine. But I'm gonna warn you,
at the pace you're going you're
not gonna make it home before dark.
What do you mean, you can't make it?
It's grandpa's wedding!
Okay, so it's not a real wedding,
but you still have to be there.
Honey, he's your... grandfather-in-law.
Yes, I appreciate that it is a big project
and that your career depends on it, but...
Georgie?
Honey, I'm gonna have to call you back.
Yes. Yeah. We'll talk later. Bye.
What happened?
There's no Hooves for Hope, Lou.
It's all a fake, and
apparently, it's my fault.
You know, you're not the
first person to get fooled
by some scam website, honey.
It's a good thing we were
as careful as we were.
I know it was stupid,
but I didn't think it
would just be more lies.
More lies?
You mean like the way that
grandpa lied about getting married?
Well, that's why he wants
to have this party now.
I don't even know what
you're talking about.
Well, then, what is the problem?
It's hard to explain.
Try.
You have to promise not to tell Amy.
Okay, I promise. What is it?
Okay,
look at this.
Oh, there's Amy.
Oh my God!
So good to see you.
- Hi! How are you?
- Hey. Good.
Pretty lady.
You know, Lou, I think you were right,
- this party was a really great idea.
- Yeah, I guess.
- Is something wrong?
- No, of course not.
Oh, look, here comes Ty.
- Come on, Katie, let's go check on the food.
- Okay.
- Hey.
Wow. You look amazing.
So do you.
Where's Caleb? I thought
he was coming with you?
Oh, he's putting a little
extra time in with the horses
but he should be here soon.
I don't get it.
Since you talked to my dad,
he's totally backed off.
The work's going well, so why the rush?
Well, it costs a fortune to board
six horses at the rodeo grounds.
Well, then why don't
you just bring them here?
You know, at little extra
feed isn't gonna kill us
and that'll save me the trip every day.
Working for free?
Feeding the horses at your own expense?
You might be good with horses,
but as a businesswoman, you need some work.
Yeah, I guess I do, don't I?
So, uh, I think that
friend you invited is here.
You should go talk to him.
Okay, okay. But remember,
he's not my boyfriend!
I know.
- Hi!
- Hey.
So I'm glad you could come.
Me too. My mom drove me.
Cool.
Oh! Oh, look out, here comes trouble.
- Jack!
- Hi.
- And Lisa.
I'm uh... I'm glad you could make it, Val.
Look at you! The perfect couple.
Yeah. I guess I forgot to mention that...
You two are married?
I wanted to be the first
to congratulate you,
but it never seemed like the right time.
Val?
Did you know all along?
Oh, please, Jack.
Everybody in town told me a least once.
Some people told me twice.
But then why didn't you say something?
Because it was so much fun
to watch you tie yourself into knots!
And because it made me
happy to imagine that...
You might care enough to try
to protect me from the truth.
Of course I care.
Don't you go get sentimental on me, Jack.
We might've had our day,
but it was a long time ago.
Um, first of all,
I just want to thank
everyone for coming out
and helping us celebrate
Jack and Lisa's marriage...
Even though it happened months ago.
Seriously, we love you guys.
So, let's get this party started.
I would like invite my
daughter, Georgie, up.
She has a special announcement to make.
Come on, Georgie! Woo!
Later tonight, if you look
up at the sky above the barn,
you will see a big blurry blob of light
called the Andromeda galaxy,
also known as the M31, NGC224.
In that galaxy,
there's a star that used to
be called the HD Triple 2 155.
But now, it's called
the Jack and Lisa star,
so that, whenever Jack and Lisa are apart,
they can both look up at the same star
and know that they'll always be together.
That is so sweet. How did they do that?
Good job. Well...
That is a pretty tough act to follow,
but it's time for the best man's speech.
So, dad, step on up.
Come on, Tim! Let's hear it, Tim!
Well, I have to be honest,
when Jack asked me to be his best man,
I thought it was a joke.
He asked himself to be the best man!
He kinda did.
As all of you know,
Jack and I have a long
history of ups and downs.
We first met at the high river rodeo.
And even though I was
kicking his butt every day,
Jack never held a grudge.
In fact, when I told him that I
was going to marry his daughter,
I could tell it was a big deal for him.
But that was before
everything fell to pieces.
It was a rough ride while I
was married to Jack's daughter
and it was a rougher ride while I was
getting divorced from Jack's daughter,
so I would have to say that, Jack,
you've seen your share of
rough rides and heartbreak.
Jack lost his wife, Lindy, way too soon,
and then a few years later, he lost Marion.
But I can say that marrying
Lisa is something that...
Both Lindy and Marion
would have wanted for Jack.
It's what we all want for Jack.
Everybody says that Jack is
the rock of this family...
just ask him...
But I see it differently.
Jack needs this family
to give him his strength,
and we all know he couldn't do it alone.
So that's why we're here,
to help Lou, and Amy, and Georgie,
and Katie celebrate...
Celebrate this marriage
between Jack and Lisa,
and most importantly,
to welcome Lisa to the
family and into our hearts.
To Jack and Lisa.
- Jack and Lisa.
- To Jack and Lisa.
Cheers! Wow!
- I'll lead.
- Okay.
Oh, look, there's Stephen.
I think he wants to dance with you.
No...
Would you like to cut in?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
- Have fun!
-  Thanks.
I was just...
That thing you did with the
stars, that was pretty cool.
Thanks. I uh...
I found it on the Internet,
when I was looking at my astronomy project.
So,
- have you thought about it yet?
- Thought about what?
Most people,
when you offer them a job
as trainer at Briar Ridge,
they remember it.
Oh. I didn't think you were serious!
Okay, well, let's say I was.
Let's say you could name
your own price. What then?
That's a pretty great offer,
but I think, either way, my answer is no.
Well, that's too bad, Amy.
It could've been a real sweet deal.
Let me know if you change
your mind though, all right?
One dance for old times' sake?
I thought you'd never ask.
Hey, Georgie,
why aren't you dancing
with your friend Stephen?
Well, I can't dance with him too much,
or else everybody will
think he's my boyfriend,
which he's not.
Oh. Well, I'm not much of a dancer,
but at least no one will
think I'm your boyfriend.
Oopsy!
- Hey, Lou.
- Oh, Amy.
I didn't know you were in here.
Is something wrong?
No. Nothing.
Just um...
That was some speech dad gave.
Yeah, at first I didn't know if
it was at a wedding or a funeral.
Yeah, me too...
By the way, I was thinking
we should give a donation
to a real animal sanctuary,
just so Georgie doesn't
think they're all fakes.
Yeah.
So if you have any suggestions?
I doubt she's gonna take
any suggestions from me.
Ever since our trip to "Hooves for Hope",
she's kinda been giving
me the cold shoulder.
She's... Just kinda going through some...
Teenage stuff. Don't worry about it.
Okay, Lou,
- please explain what's going on?
- Nothing.
Except...
Have you talked to Ahmed lately?
Where did that come from?
I'm just curious because you
haven't really talked about him
since you got home, and I...
I'm wondering if you guys keep in touch?
Um... there's been a
few emails, phone calls.
What're you getting at?
It's just there's...
You know what? This isn't
really the right time.
- Why don't we...
- Lou.
Okay. What the heck.
Come here, I have to show you something.
- This is not what it looks like!
- I certainly hope not, Amy.
Because it looks like Ahmed
either just proposed to you
or propositioned you,
and either way, you were well
on your way to saying yes.
I didn't say yes to anything!
They gave me a necklace
and I said thank you.
And that was it! Nothing happened.
He kissed you, Amy,
and it was more than
just a peck on the cheek.
Yeah,
he kissed me. Once.
But that whole time we were on the tour,
he was polite, he was
formal, he was like he is.
And he didn't do anything until that night.
And then...
Then I told him to back off,
that he had crossed a line,
and he said he was sorry.
And it happened that fast.
Honestly?
Lou, it's just my luck that some jerk
would be recording the
whole thing on his phone.
Oh my God, Lou, you can't tell anyone!
It might not be that simple, Amy.
I mean, it's already out there.
But I swear, I won't tell anybody.
You know what, Lou?
You were right.
That was a wedding, it
feels much more real now.
Shouldn't you two be on a
honeymoon someplace exotic?
Not sure there's any place
I'd rather be right now.
Only one thing I regret...
I never danced with you at the party.
Do you need a leg up?
No, I'm fine.
Yes! You did it!
- Good boy.
- Way to go!
- Synced by MartyTheCrazy & chamallow -
- Corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org